# Module1-Projects
 ApplePicker, Mission Demolition and Prototype 1

Seeing as how our previous prototypes were recreations of actual games, I decided to continue this trend by basing my prototype off of a game that aleardy existed so I had some reference when creating the game. The game I attempted to recreate is actually a minigame within a game called Pummel Party. Pummel Party is Mario Party style game that is available on Steam, where you and other players traverse a game board with minigames occuring between each round. Just like Mario Party, the main allure to the game is the highly competitive minigames that pin you against your friends to fight for coins or whatever it may be. The minigame from Pummel Party that I attempted to remake is called Spooky Spikes, and involves all of the players standing on a platform above a pit of lava. The players are then faced with waves of long spikey poles that must be either jumped over or crouched under. If a player gets hit by one of the spike poles, their character is moved slightly back towards the edge of the platform, and once you get hit about 4 or 5  times, the player falls in the lava. As time progresses, the speed and frequency of the incoming spikes is increased. This minigame is a last-man-standing scenairo, where the last player to still be on the platform is the winner. I thought that this idea would be simple enough to recreate because it seemed like we had covered most of the core mechanics. There would be some hit detection for when the player made contact with the spikes, the player would need to be able to jump and crouch, and there would be an game object that instantiated prefabs similar to that of the apple tree from Apple Picker. While jump was easy enough to figure out, the crouch turned out to be a whole different animal, so I ended up just going with a jump mechanic. My goal was to a make an obviously less polished version of the minigame, but one that still had that addicting difficultly component to it, making the player want to see how far they could go before falling off. While I fell short of making the prototype have this difficult, I think that the core mechanics are still displayed very well. 
